Adds profiles to get started (#25)
nimh-sfim/lab-docs: profiles/README.md

# Profiles

> Profiles are files, often beginning with a `.` in Unix in order to hide
> them, which contain information for your terminal and terminal-based
> programs to access every time they run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiles are files, often beginning with a `.` in which contain
information for your terminal and terminal-based programs to
access every time they run. This files are normally hidden when
you type `ls`. `ls -a` will show files beginning with a `.`
```
